Issue to review the contributing document and add a triage process proposal (#538)
json-schema-org/community: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Guidelines for contributing to the JSON Schema project GitHub organisation

We invite you to join us working on JSON Schema.

The fastest way to get involved and become active in the community is to join the `#contribute` channel in our Slack server at https://json-schema.org/slack.

If you have suggestions on how to improve our community, please do check out our [Community Discussions](https://github.com/json-schema-org/community/discussions), and start a new discussion.

# General

> The JSON Schema organization hosts different projects, and while most have similar  contributing guidelines as described in this document, the JSON Schema Specification development process follows different contributing guidelines. Please, check-out the [Spec repository](https://github.com/json-schema-org/json-schema-spec/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) to know more. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSON Schema organization hosts different projects, and while most have similar contributing guidelines as described in this document, the JSON Schema Specification development process follows different contributing guidelines. Please, check-out the [Spec repository](https://github.com/json-schema-org/json-schema-spec/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) to know more. 
```

 * 🛠️ [Add new JSON Schema tooling](https://github.com/json-schema-org/website/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#%EF%B8%8F-add-a-new-implementation)
 * ✍️ [Publish a blog post](https://github.com/json-schema-org/website/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#%EF%B8%8F-publish-a-blog-post)
 * 📈 [Publish a case study](https://github.com/json-schema-org/website/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#-publish-a-case-study)
 * 📋 [Improving The Documentation](https://github.com/orgs/json-schema-org/projects/16)
 * 🏗 [Website development](https://github.com/orgs/json-schema-org/projects/11/views/1)
 * 🎨 [Improving The Design](https://github.com/json-schema-org/website/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#-improving-the-design)
 * 😍 [Collaborating with Community Management tasks](#community-management-tasks)
 * 🚀 [Adding a new Adopter](https://github.com/json-schema-org/community/blob/main/ADOPTERS.md)

#### Community management tasks

> To get involved in the Community management tasks, please join the `#community-mgmt` slack channel using this [link](#community-mgmt).

Reviewer: Does the link here need adding?

```suggestion
To get involved in the Community management tasks, please join the [`#community-mgmt` slack channel](https://json-schema.slack.com/archives/C0209BTU2UQ).
```
